docs: restructures README.md to include C2P Go v2 information (#96)
oscal-compass/compliance-to-policy-go: README.md

# compliance-to-policy-go

# <img alt="Logo" width="50px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oscal-compass/compliance-to-policy-go/main/assets/compliance-to-policy-800x800.PNG" style="vertical-align: middle;" /> Compliance-to-Policy (also known as `C2P`)

## C2P Overview
Compliance-to-Policy (C2P) is designed to bridge Compliance as Code such as Open Security Controls Assessment Language (OSCAL) and Policy as Code used by Policy Validation Point (PVP).

> It generates policies in native format of PVP from OSCAL Component Definitions and produces OSCAL Assessment Results from the native assessment results of PVP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It generates policies in the native format of PVP from OSCAL Component Definitions and produces OSCAL Assessment Results from the native assessment results of PVP.
```

![C2P Overview](/assets/architecture.png)

1. Compliance-to-Policy (C2P) is running in GitOps Pipeline, Kubernetes controller, or Python/Go environment
2. C2P receives Compliance as Code, for example OSCAL Component Definition that represents mapping between controls and policies (policy names/ids)
3. C2P generates policies through plugin for each policy engine
    - The plugin is responsible for implementing a function that takes policy names/ids and returns policies
4. Policies are delivered to policy engines by GitOps sync, the subsequence pipeline task, Kubernetes controller, or a deployment automation program
5. Results are collected from policy engines by a scheduled task or Kubernetes controller
6. C2P aggregates the results of policy engines by controls through plugin for each policy engine
    - The plugin is responsible for implementing a function that takes the results of the policy engine and returns verdicts (pass/fail/error), reason, and/or resource name for each respective policy by its names/IDs.
7. C2P produces Compliance Assessment Results, for example OSCAL Assessment Results that represents the assessment results of each control

### C2P Goals

> Provide seamless integration with compliance frameworks and existing policy engines, and enable to use heterogeneous policy engines in compliance check operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide seamless integration with compliance frameworks and existing policy engines, and enables use of heterogeneous policy engines in compliance check operation
```
